docs(cloud): Rewrite Introduction, refresh Install scloud, relabel Get started (#578)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: cloud_docs/index.md

sidebar_position: -1
sidebar_label: Introduction
sidebar_class_name: sidebar-introduction-icon
description: Serverpod Cloud is a managed hosting platform for Serverpod apps. Deploy from the command line; Cloud manages runtime, networking, database, and secrets.
---

# Introduction

> **Serverpod Cloud** is a fully managed hosting platform for Serverpod apps. It lets you deploy and run your Serverpod backend from the command line or via CI/CD. The platform manages all infrastructure needed to run your service in production. It can seamlessly scale to any size, and pricing is predictable. Serverpod Cloud handles networking, load balancing, custom domain names, and your database.

Reviewer: This is a decision page. We are dropping some important keywords for the user here, like 'predictable pricing,' which is not listed below.

Author: Adjusted: added "predictable pricing" back to the intro paragraph.

> Serverpod Cloud is a managed hosting platform for Serverpod apps with predictable pricing. You deploy and run your app with the `scloud` command-line interface, and use the web console for account setup, billing, and project dashboards.

Reviewer: On the old page, the first paragraph was more technical, but for a senior engineer, it said more. It conveyed a message that Cloud is robust for serious production apps. It must be clear that the Cloud is for professionals, and we lose a bit of that now.

Perhaps we can balance it without getting too technical.

"Run" is implicit, so maybe we can remove it to add the automation part without making it longer.
We could also call it "automated pipelines" if CI/CD is too technical for some users.

```suggestion
Serverpod Cloud is a managed hosting platform for Serverpod apps with predictable pricing. You deploy your app from the command-line or via CI/CD, and use the web console for account setup, billing, and project dashboards.
```

Author: Adjusted: dropped "run", added "or via CI/CD", kept the `scloud` mention.

> Deploy is two commands. No Dockerfile, no container config, no infrastructure setup:

Reviewer: This first sentence "Deploy is two commands" is a bit fuzzy and confusing. 
The actual deploy command after the launch is just scloud deploy. 
Also, following this is the install command.

Does it mean something like "Your first deploy is two commands away"?

Author: Adjusted: reworded to "Your first deploy is two commands." which matches the install + launch sequence and avoids the "deploy" overload.

> Your first deploy is two commands. No Dockerfile, no container config, no infrastructure setup:

Reviewer: It is actually three commands counting auth login.
Perhaps just say something like; after installing, your first project is launched through a single command: scloud launch.

Author: Adjusted along your suggestion. Dropped the install line; snippet is now a single `scloud launch`. Kept the `scloud` mention in para 1 so the "with scloud installed" lead-in still reads cleanly.

```bash
dart install serverpod_cloud_cli
scloud launch
```

> ## What Cloud manages

Reviewer: I think it's better to use the Service's full name here.

```suggestion
## What Serverpod Cloud manages
```

Author: Applied.

> - **Runtime and scaling.** Your app runs on a production runtime that scales automatically.

Reviewer: This new lightweight list is great. However, a user considering Serverpod Cloud for a serious production app might want to delve deeper into each section, or a specific section. Perhaps link out to a page containing more details on each feature (ie preserve the lengthier explanations on an in-depth page).

Author: Agreed. The deeper concept pages mostly land in subsequent PRs of this rollout. Database, Logs, Passwords, and Custom domains are in [#581](https://github.com/serverpod/serverpod_docs/pull/581). Once that merges I'll add the per-bullet deep links in a follow-up.

> - **Runtime and scaling.** Your app runs on a production runtime that scales automatically.

Reviewer: I am missing the "to any size".

```suggestion
- **Runtime and scaling.** Your app runs on a production runtime that scales automatically to any size.
```

Author: "To any size" reads as unbounded scale, which no cloud actually delivers. "Scales automatically" is defensible. Should I apply anyway?

> - **Runtime and scaling.** Your app runs on a production runtime that scales automatically.

Reviewer: We are not mentioning "load balancing" on this page any longer. Is there a way to get it in?
